# Kinetics
The purpose of this research is to investigate the rate of chemical reactions, denoted as Kinetics, regarding to macro-factors such as temperature and concentration, and provide plausible mathematical modeling and theoretical interpretations in terms of the collision model.

The present primary focues is on the application of the rate law equation, which states the rate of reaction is proportional to the concentration of each reactant. As an intuitive and unformulated assumption, we observe that, as the rate of reaction is in essence the rate of successful collisions, the rate should potentially be dependent on the concentration of the limiting reactant which limits the possible occurence of collisions, which falls under the name pseudo order reactions. Albeit, the rate law does not account for this seemly condition. Therefore, we would like to conduct research on this ground to examine if there exists significant fringing behavior that is not described by the rate law, especially if there is appreciable dependency on the limiting reactant of the reaction. 

Nevertheless, the subject of the formulation of the rate law itself renders a copious area of study. We would like to experiment the validity of it in general conditions by integrating the equation and model the reaction by time. The peculiar means and procedures would be accordingly devised. We would, more importantly, focus on the possible expositions of the rate law from the collision model and analysis of the molecules employed to construe and report possible criteria for the value of the power of each reactant in the rate law. 

The Hypothesis folder contains the theoretical assumptions and justifications, beginning with an exposition of the kinetic molecular theory and the collision model. The Data folder contains the data collected for each reaction in its specific format. The Model folder contains the source code of the computation model employed, possibly various versions, which is written in Maple. The Procedure folder contains the general procedure of the experiment. And the Reports folder contains a paper of the interpretations of the questions entertained in this lab and a general conclusion.  

In all, the purport of this research is to experimentally apply the rate law for chemical reactions by mathematical modeling and offer probable and verified theories on the subject of conformity or deviation.


